how much does a company cost?
telephone
a question that everyone is a bit
places finally saw the answer
well a text message costs nothing
exactly nothing is not a
way to say that they are cheap but
they really cost nothing, they don't cost
a beloved this answer is not
spaced in the air but there are the facts that
they document it first we do
clarity on the road that text messages use
to travel these small packages
of information travels incorporated in
signal that connects the phone to the
signal repeater that is always active is
a bit like our mobile phone
always sent empty messages to
repeater these fortunately not there
we pay but then why pay 15
cents for a service that
the operator costs nothing
think about this transmission system
information is also the cause of
character limit for each message
let's think of a two-lane road
more than two machines can go there
at the same time it is made for this
need to send two text messages
now that you know the truth you do not feel
to show you don't feel pissed off
yes and this is why this video will be
carpeted with obscenities censored by
some vip here is how our spend
Money from these companies will be 7 which has
reason goes first to me should plug
Internet
the internet key if pomigliano
arrived free wifi and free thanks
with the help of the 5-star movement
we can finally say goodbye to these
company of me and welcomes a
service that really believes in
communication is really asking for it
strictly necessary for his
survival
I refer to skype of course
in fact you can call landlines and
furniture at 2 cents a minute I'm not
joking
the price is totally zero if who
receives the call to skype this reality
but he needs your help
the movement needs your help
you need your help
on pomigliano dot org you'll find all of them
information on who we are what
we do and how you can participate but
since the movement does not point to
power the movement has as unique
objective the well-being of citizens vi
I will show another way to do at
telephone companies without the need
of a wifi network the name of the service
who can help you in the difficult art
of the fact that telephone companies e
schemes schemes an Italian program at
one hundred percent that will allow you to
send SMS to the modest amount of 8
cents but the price can go down to
a penny if the recipient of the message
to schemes schemes a free program
which you install on your phone also
old cell phone is fine on the site
official you will find the instructions
complete to install this kind
of services that a city should
offer spend less for a refill
phone 1 spend nothing helps
the internal economy of a city
the pomigliano movement 5 stars and from the
your side and not his